Right?
When I say pull the trigger,
obviously I need mean punch someone.
I don't mean she said Chicago oil either anywhere.
It's like,
especially after that Nipsey Hussle guy got killed.
That's crazy.
That's so sad on video too.
They have the a fucked up past.
I'm at a hip hop fan at all,
but apparently it was very positive,
like anti violence.
Like it wasn't like a thuggie rapper that was promoting,
you know,
drug dealing and,
and gang violence,
which I don't really know if even people do that as much anymore.
I don't know.
But by all accounts,
this guy was loved and uh,
you know,
he just,
it's just beyond fucked
just like that,
that,
that is still going on in this world.
It was,
if I'm not mistaken,
um,
he got into a fight with a guy,
right?
And the guy came back with a gun,
don't know,
and shot him.
That's what I read.
I think it was like a,
I don't know if it was like those lines,
something along those lines.
Because the,
this,
when you hear about a hip hop artists come down and you're like,
oh,
there's this longstanding beef and you know,
you know,
who knows.
But I think it was literally a fight that these guys got it and the guy came
back with a gun and just fucking started unloading,
which is spirit'll.
That's literally how my father died,
literally while,
except that it was with a knife,
which is a much more hardcore with the devil.
But my dad always outside of a strip club at four o'clock in the morning,
God did an argument with a kid,
you know,
um,
like a 16 year old kid and they got into a fist fight.
You know,
the kid came back like an hour later with a kitchen knife and stabbed him.
That's sad.
And it's like God d it also takes a different type of person to,
you know,
to kill.
I'm,
I'm a,
I'm out the kid in the hood who's just ready to pull the trigger and punch
somebody.
Like I'm not,
I grew up in a weird way where it's like I was taught like Whoa,
you wait until they throw the first punch,
which is a terrible strategy,
but the,
that's sort of the way that I always,
it was always like fist fights in the parking lot with your friends.
You want to try and really hurt each other.
It was you got into an argument over a video game and you went out back in the
parking lot and you beat each other up for two minutes and then that was that.
But guys that are,
you know,
willing to kill somebody over whatever,
just an argument to take their life completely without any,
just either they lose sense of the repercussions of it as well,
which is sort of like,
that's something that I think would separate most people and go like,
all right,
why don't want to go to jail?
There's cameras.
I think a giant chunk of it is how they're like,
what experiences they have growing up.
Like what happens to them?
Are they abused or they beaten?
Are they around a lot of violence?
What are the expose to,
and then how much more likely are you to commit that via to push that onto the
next person?
That's really what it is.
I mean,
that's the vast majority of me.
It's not a,
it's a shocker that so much violent crime comes from poor neighborhoods.
It's like,
it makes itself and makes itself,
of course,
almost like a virus.
I agree.
And I,
you know,
I grew up,
my mom was extremely abusive,
um,
you know,
and I grew up with around a ton of violence,
a ton of physical and emotional abuse,
verbal abuse,
always the threat of violence at the drop of a hat.
It was,
it was always immediately too.
I'll beat the shit out of you if you don't do what I say,
even if she wasn't being violent.
Um,
and I did,
I go the opposite dude.
I,
you know,
with my son,
dude,
I literally,
my son,
I've never even spanked him.
I'd never smacked him on the hand.
I've never,
I've never even really yelled at my son.
Um,
and I don't think that I got lucky and have a good kid.
I do have a good grab,
a great kid,
but I think it's a direct route,
you know,
correlation to me not being aggressive with him at all.
And I talk talking's huge,
right?
And have little conversations with them,
not just tell them what to do.
[inaudible]
you have to give them the why.
If they don't understand why,
you know that just in general in life,
people just in general,
if they understand why something that you,
there's a real purpose there and then they do what they're doing,
you know,
with that purpose in mind.
And I think when little kids there,
you know,
there's still malleable and sometimes it's annoying for them to ask why two or
three times and it's easy to lose your patients.
Um,
but once you realize what you're,
you know,
that's,
I'm a piece of shit.
I'll admit I'm the first one to admit it,
but the only good thing I do,
I think is the fact that I'm creating this good little person.
He's a really good,
sweet person that I think is going to be,
you know,
all the shit that I didn't really have.
Or,
you know,
all the good qualities that I think I,
I could have maybe had,
if I was raised the right way,
I'm trying to give my son and I think that's a really big responsibility and
that's why,
you know,
you,
I feel bad when you see like real violence like that,
like fucking people that are like being really,
you're like,
dude,
I know that person experienced some crazy shit.
100%.
It's not their fault in a weird way.
And it's definitely not,
you know,
I never lived in the worst neighborhood in the world,
but I lived in a shady one for quite a bit.
We lived in this place called Jamaica Plain,
uh,
outside of Boston for about a year and my parents knew immediately who he gotta
get the fuck out of there.
We only,
I think we stayed maybe a year,
a little over a year and a,
we got out of there as quick as we can,
but there was like a lot of breakins.
A lot of it was lower income.
It wasn't terrible.
It wasn't like a gang violence,
shoot them up type shit.
But there was a lot of criminals.
Yeah.
A lot of shady shit.
Shit.
By poverty.
It doesn't have to,
it doesn't have to be like gangs.
It's just shitty.
Do poverty makes people do crazy shit.
It does.
And it makes,
I was never around kids that were that aggressive,
like kids.
We're always trying to fight me.
And um,
I just moved there.
We just moved there from Florida and I was like,
fuck,
I gotta get Outta here and this is what led me to martial art Heller.
You 13.
Okay.
You know,
teenage boy,
almost a man.
You're going through puberty at this point.
That's it.
You know,
it's a scary time.
And there was all these kids that were just,
there were so they had already fucked.
They're already doing drugs.
It's just to make a plane,
low income white or white and Puerto Rican,
like,
uh,
mostly that.
Mostly white and Puerto Rican.
It was a lot of it.
Uh,
just a lot of cigarette smokers at 13 kids are smoking cigarettes already.
They were drinking all the time.
I used to like my mom's cigarettes for her when I was with his hands like crazy.
I swear to God.
Great.
Fitzsimmons lived in a house with two parents that were chain smokers in an
apartment and they never open the windows in the winter.
Are you crazy?
My mom never,
there was no sense.
My mom smoked her entire pregnancy with me.
Me Dog.
Yeah.
I mean they don't look,
once again,
she doesn't know kind of,
they knew date sorta new jewelry was out on smoking while you were pregnant.
I think in [inaudible] 82 when I was born for 82 I'm 67 you your mom was zero
excuses.
Oh,
I thought you,
I think
my mom was in the 60s man.
They didn't know the 60s it was like you had to read a book and she's new 20 you
know,
my mom was 22 my mom was 20 like that.
It's crazy.
Imagine that.
How old were you when you had your first kid?
Grazie a 40 year four that's fuck.
That's so perfect.
Yeah.
Such a perfect time.
I was 30 which is fine.
It's too young,
and I think my mom was 18 when she had my sister.
Yeah.
Um,
it's just the,
just the act of weather.
No one,
when you start it with,
if you started at 20,
if you start at 40,
the act of raising another human being,
it just changes who the fuck you are,
but just does everything switches and gets weird.
And then you're like,
oh,
I'm responsible for,
for shaping your life and Italy's helping to shape your life.
And if I do a good job,
you'll be a good person.
You'll go out there and you'll make more good people and you'll meet good
people,
which is really what everybody wants at the end of the day,
everybody wants.